you can have to redouble our efforts
appreciate the progress that you've made
but we're gonna have to dig deeper the
stakes couldn't be higher
sir we're still having difficulty with a
propulsion system now if I can
collaborate with the toroidal fusion
group this is a data mass project
nothing leaves this room I understand
that sir I still can't crack the power
the power this is not a problem the
solution is right above us the answer
the source that's why we're here
gentlemen what is at stake here I want
you to think about this civilization has
been preserved because the rough people
that had the right idea at the right
time this technology it comes along once
in a generation and it's a gift that has
been put in our hands and why is that
it's because we have a vision a vision
for the future of this company of this
nation of the world order because make
no mistake this tool that you are
creating in the wrong hands would end
civilization as we know it think about
what's at stake here